h1. osxmail2maildir

This simple program converts a "Mail.app":http://www.apple.com/macosx/features/mail/ 
mail store into "Maildir":http://cr.yp.to/proto/maildir.html format.

h2. Usage

osxmail2maildir takes one required argument and one optional one. The first 
argument (required) is the path into which osxmail2maildir should place all 
of the resulting Maildir directories. The second, optional argument is the 
location of the Mail.app mailstore. This is optional because it should be 
$HOME/Library/Mail which is where the script looks by default.

This code requires "Ruby":http://www.ruby-lang.org/ version 1.8.2 or greater.
As such, it should run out of the box on Mac OS X Tiger or Leopard without
modifications.

Once the script is finished running, the target directory will contain one 
or more Maildir directories with the converted messages from the Mail.app 
mailstore. You can use any mail client capable of reading Maildir to view 
the messages. Alternatively, you can drop the resultant files from the 
Maildirs into existing Maildirs seamlessly; the script generates proper 
Maildir filenames and this should therefore not produce any collisions.

h2. License

Copyright (c) 2005-2008, Toby DiPasquale
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

  * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, 
    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
  * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
  * Neither the name of Toby DiPasquale nor the names of his contributors 
    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software 
    without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" 
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE 
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE 
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF 
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

